Added documentation to include user .aws/config file as default config (#6005)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/prerequisites/considerations.rst

   retry_mode=standard

Additional configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Wazuh supports additional configuration found in the .aws/config file, the supported keys are the primary keys stated in the `boto3 configuration <https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html>`_. Supported keys are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh supports additional configuration options found in the ``.aws/config`` file. The supported keys are the primary keys stated in the `boto3 configuration <https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html>`_. Supported keys are:
```

> Wazuh supports additional configuration options found in the ``.aws/config file``. The supported keys are the primary keys stated in the `boto3 configuration <https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html>`_. Supported keys are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wazuh supports additional configuration options found in the ``.aws/config`` file. The supported keys are the primary keys stated in the `boto3 configuration <https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html>`_. Supported keys are:
```

- region_name.
- signature_version.
- s3
- proxies
- proxies_config
- retries

> The following example of a ``~/.aws/config`` file sets the supported configuration for the *dev* profile 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example of a ``~/.aws/config`` file sets the supported configuration for the *dev* profile: 
```

.. code-block:: ini
   
   [dev]
   region = us-east-1
   output = json

   dev.s3.max_concurrent_requests = 10
   dev.s3.max_queue_size = 1000
   dev.s3.multipart_threshold = 64MB
   dev.s3.multipart_chunksize = 16MB
   dev.s3.max_bandwidth = 50MB/s
   dev.s3.use_accelerate_endpoint = true
   dev.s3.addressing_style = virtual
   
   dev.proxy.host = proxy.example.com
   dev.proxy.port = 8080
   dev.proxy.username = your-proxy-username
   dev.proxy.password = your-proxy-password
   
   dev.proxy.ca_bundle = /path/to/ca_bundle.pem
   dev.proxy.client_cert = /path/to/client_cert.pem
   dev.proxy.use_forwarding_for_https = true
   
   dev.signature_version = s3v4
   max_attempts = 5
   retry_mode = standard
   

.. note::

>    To configure multiple profile for the integration, declare each profile in the ``~/.aws/config`` file using the same pattern as before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To configure multiple profiles, declare each one in the ``~/.aws/config`` file using the same pattern from above.
```

>    If no profile is declared in the module configuration, the *default* profile will be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If no profile is declared in the module configuration, the *default* profile is used. 
```

>    If no profile is declared in the module configuration, the *default* profile is used. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If no profile is declared in the module configuration, the *default* is used. 
```
